docs/index.md, before:

---
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
tags: [Introduction]
---

Welcome to documentation for [Zettel Notes](./download.md) Markdown Note taking app for android devices.

## Why Choose Zettel Notes ? 🚀

1. Store your notes as separate markdown files, ensuring no vendor lock-in like other apps
3. Easily import your existing notes by adding the repository/folder through the Repositories option in the menu
4. Free of cost, without ads, and no hidden permissions
5. No collection of user data
6. Offline, synchronization is optional.

Notes are stored as separate text files. Application starts with an introductary note. After installing, add folder / repository containing your existing notes from the repositories option in menu.

Checkout our **[Privacy Policy](https://thedoc.eu.org/zettel-notes/privacy)**

!!! info
    
    [Download Now!](download.md) Experience the convenience and privacy of Zettel Notes for your note taking needs. 


## Features List

-  [App Lock](./app-lock.md)
-  Bookmark / Pin notes
-  [Calendar View](./calendar.md)
-  [Dropbox, Git, Google Drive, WebDAV and SFTP synchronization](./repository/synchronization/index.md)
-  [Different types of notes](./note/note-types.md) stored as plain text files eg. task note, audio note, bookmark note etc.
-  Full text search
-  [Keyboard Shortcuts](./keyboard-shortcuts.md)
-  [Keys Manager](./repository/synchronization/keys-manager.md)
-  [Latex support](./note/editor/markdown.md#latex)
-  [Markdown Formatting](./note/editor/markdown.md)
-  MD / TXT / ORG file support
-  [Multiple note folders / vaults / repositories](./repository/index.md)
-  [PGP key / Password encryption](./repository/encryption.md)
-  [Plugins](./plugins/index.md)
-  [Recycle Bin](./recycle-bin.md)
-  [Saved searches](./saved-searches.md)
-  [Share Note as PDF, HTML, launcher shortcut or pinned notifications](./note/share-note/index.md)
-  Share Web page or text from any app to create new note or append to existing note
-  Sort notes by alphabetical, edited time, creation time, words, frequency of opening
-  Subfolder support
-  Customizable [Material Themes](./themes/app-theme.md) and [Fonts](./themes/font-downloader.md)
-  [Templates](./templates.md)
-  [Tasker Plugin](./tasker.md)
-  [Zettelkasten support](./note/editor/zettelkasten.md)

!!! information

    To make new feature requests, sign up at <https://github.com/damionx7/Zettel-Notes-Documentation/discussions>

## Join our Community

If you have any issues, feel free to contact via

- [Email](mailto:info@thedoc.eu.org)
- [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/g/znotes)
- [Reddit post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Zettelkasten/comments/npr00a/introducing_my_new_android_app_for_zettelkasten/)
- [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/zettelnotes)
- [Telegram Support Group](https://t.me/joinchat/DZ2eFcOk3Mo4MDk1)
- [Zettelkasten.de post](https://forum.zettelkasten.de/discussion/1844/introducing-my-new-android-app-for-zettelkasten-zettel-notes/)

!!! information

    **How to develop custom plugins ?**

    Want to customize your Zettel Notes experience? Check out our [Plugin API](https://github.com/damionx7/Zettel-Notes-Plugin-Api) on GitHub

## What users say about Zettel Notes

![](assets/img/review-play-store.png){: style="width:100%"}

![](assets/img/review-play-store-1.png){: style="width:100%"}

![](assets/img/review-play-store-2.png){: style="width:100%"}

## Translations

Zettel Notes is multi-lingual and translated in 18 languages. [Read more](translations.md)

## Disclaimer

The software is provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement. By using this software, you agree that the developer will not be liable for any damages, including but not limited to loss of data, revenue, or profits, arising out of or connected with the application's use.

Commit message:

docs: add support my work

docs/index.md, after:

---
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
tags: [Introduction]
---

Welcome to documentation for [Zettel Notes](./download.md) Markdown Note taking app for android devices.

## Why Choose Zettel Notes ? 🚀

1. Store your notes as separate markdown files, ensuring no vendor lock-in like other apps
3. Easily import your existing notes by adding the repository/folder through the Repositories option in the menu
4. Free of cost, without ads, and no hidden permissions
5. No collection of user data
6. Offline, synchronization is optional.

Notes are stored as separate text files. Application starts with an introductary note. After installing, add folder / repository containing your existing notes from the repositories option in menu.

Checkout our **[Privacy Policy](https://thedoc.eu.org/zettel-notes/privacy)**

!!! info
    
    [Download Now!](download.md) Experience the convenience and privacy of Zettel Notes for your note taking needs. 

## Features List

-  [App Lock](./app-lock.md)
-  Bookmark / Pin notes
-  [Calendar View](./calendar.md)
-  [Dropbox, Git, Google Drive, WebDAV and SFTP synchronization](./repository/synchronization/index.md)
-  [Different types of notes](./note/note-types.md) stored as plain text files eg. task note, audio note, bookmark note etc.
-  Full text search
-  [Keyboard Shortcuts](./keyboard-shortcuts.md)
-  [Keys Manager](./repository/synchronization/keys-manager.md)
-  [Latex support](./note/editor/markdown.md#latex)
-  [Markdown Formatting](./note/editor/markdown.md)
-  MD / TXT / ORG file support
-  [Multiple note folders / vaults / repositories](./repository/index.md)
-  [PGP key / Password encryption](./repository/encryption.md)
-  [Plugins](./plugins/index.md)
-  [Recycle Bin](./recycle-bin.md)
-  [Saved searches](./saved-searches.md)
-  [Share Note as PDF, HTML, launcher shortcut or pinned notifications](./note/share-note/index.md)
-  Share Web page or text from any app to create new note or append to existing note
-  Sort notes by alphabetical, edited time, creation time, words, frequency of opening
-  Subfolder support
-  Customizable [Material Themes](./themes/app-theme.md) and [Fonts](./themes/font-downloader.md)
-  [Templates](./templates.md)
-  [Tasker Plugin](./tasker.md)
-  [Zettelkasten support](./note/editor/zettelkasten.md)

!!! information

    To make new feature requests, sign up at <https://github.com/damionx7/Zettel-Notes-Documentation/discussions>

## Support my work

If my work has positively impacted your life and you'd like to support my ongoing projects, consider showing your appreciation by [donating](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/dr.rohit) or becoming a member at [buymeacoffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/dr.rohit/membership).  

It means a lot to me as a solo developer!  

[Purchase membership](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/dr.rohit/membership){ .md-button .md-button--primary} [Donate :simple-buymeacoffee:](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/dr.rohit){ .md-button }

## Join our Community

If you have any suggestion or feedback regarding my projects or this site, you can contact via 

- [Email](mailto:info@thedoc.eu.org)
- [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/g/znotes)
- [Reddit post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Zettelkasten/comments/npr00a/introducing_my_new_android_app_for_zettelkasten/)
- [Telegram Channel](https://t.me/zettelnotes)
- [Telegram Support Group](https://t.me/joinchat/DZ2eFcOk3Mo4MDk1)
- [Zettelkasten.de post](https://forum.zettelkasten.de/discussion/1844/introducing-my-new-android-app-for-zettelkasten-zettel-notes/)

## What users say about Zettel Notes

![](assets/img/review-play-store.png){: style="width:100%"}

![](assets/img/review-play-store-1.png){: style="width:100%"}

![](assets/img/review-play-store-2.png){: style="width:100%"}

## Translations

Zettel Notes is multi-lingual and translated in 18 languages. [Read more](translations.md)

## Disclaimer

The software is provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement. By using this software, you agree that the developer will not be liable for any damages, including but not limited to loss of data, revenue, or profits, arising out of or connected with the application's use.
